maybe one will be there but if it's
after four and a half minutes then was
not going to be available we're still
waiting for sponsors to put this down
but pick it just chunk down from those
spinning axes of host son see one thing
that I kind of like a force to flash
away they're going to Dre but when he
throws a max is he gonna flash in E and
there is a first blood ho Sun going
cyanide actually gate on something he's
gonna charge you in it's not quite
getting in with a vault breaker but he's
very very low there's the barrier say
Knights gonna have to save you this
hosam tries to get away cyanide gets to
kill will come below no finish up he's
gonna flash into that toilet range Jets
look to himself in his Lane counterparty
apprehend lands unto an rated here comes
velu no from the back of bandage toss
Colonel on the red buff is there he's
not getting away from this one but spawn
takes might suffer the same fate here
he's I'm actually just having a bit of
fun yellow so I was we go back down
we'll get in this top lane so I was
versus shoo-shoo shoo-shoo already down
to half HP is we do see the cocoon land
and it was just a destruction there
really not a lots of repel comes in and
he was able to just about finish off
there right at the end nicely mr. dragon
was closing in yeah Malou no coming in
here as well they need to be real
careful nicely dodged their partners
also avoided well here comes a curse the
sad mummy and Rachel's gonna go down
Malou no is sticking right now and I say
and Reitz is going to go down he will
but it's going to take a while before
smolitics finishes up say that going
together flashing from home son Alexei
doesn't have to flushes available but
he's going to go for you spiel what
lunch Nidalee turns it around he's
calling pulse I'm gonna gather kill in
the end
double from both side of 10 million
bleens same match and now they're diving
down on towards yellow star in this
bottom ladies in a lot of trouble
apprehend Barrio used by yellow stuff he
is bleeding away though there is the
dump from spawn takes with Malou no
tanking at out now is he
three-man push coming up Sun comes down
to saw us he's gonna get bound up there
as well this is bad news for so us GC
Malou no coming there is a repel he
dives off to the back side his host and
did die in the middle to expect a but
they keep going he's very low that's
because the sad mummy used this is the
kill coming now locks him in place and
Elise is a slippery character he doesn't
have curse of the sad mummy though as he
pushes in for the fight crescendo locks
him up Tom takes Joe
very very low there goes a bullet time
out and we see that cyanide slow but
he's keeping going there they will get
bound up Malone Oh Kenny finish off
exhaust comes in
move it gonna die in the end now they
switch over on towards Malou no it's
gonna be packaged up back into the
matchup as mover has been taken out by
so ice in the jungle this carry normal
approach to the game as we are gonna see
them here go in on to Altos I'm saying I
gotta go straight in there with the
assault and battery cocoon wall and
hosin using the barrier there is he
gonna stay alive cyanide sank in the toy
here and he is actually gonna go down Oh
Sonny's still alive so it's gonna get
knocked back the queue will finish you
off the interesting thing for me is that
whole sounds a bit overextended here we
go then vies off to the side as well and
look at the damage coming out assault
and battery down comes a little bit more
of a normal pace until spontex just gets
completely destroyed by thespia flashes
by from expectation aries bloomer picked
off by shushei here we go combo coming
across and Draven gonna get involved so
us he's very low flashing who son gets
the kill they down to about a third of
his life fnatic want to pick this fight
and cyanides diving in with the vault
breaker
I actually got caught there by the
binding Malou no hanging around in the
middle will actually use that bandage
toss and fall so flash bomb takes is
there there goes a crescendo is a good
one bullet time not fully in Rangers
that curse comes out so I take dumps one
there's the second one coming in mo
non-stop non-stop the entire time
whichever team catches their opponents
of God
that's who manages to pick up their
kills spawn takes his log assault and
battery slammed him into the ground one
more auto attack from such P and it just
cannot afford to keeping hit by them no
keep quite house I'm even less as we see
2/3 of his health and he will instantly
back on say I well I just can't stick
around as very juicy catching Warren as
well stay there's no survivor spontex
has been caught up by so s yeah he's in
a lot of trouble at this one I see he's
gonna flash away that alia obviously a
flash deal and well we all not quite
seen as we are gonna see fnatic have
that one away Malou know and I get
slowed down and actually puts curse or
the sad mummy down they've managed to
lock so eyes into this one as a
crescendo comes across and middle a Nia
and focusing in on that Toyota spontex
takes the first spear in there they get
us
the stun down that's cleansed away and
now enraged the warning trouble he's
forced to flash away we'll dragonborns
be able to catch up on him he's pointed
out as much damage as he can but he's
just not got the speed there comes a
dunk not got enough damage to actually
give him the kill who sign users by your
side comes in from the but the other
side now you know fnatic you've just
held them there the entire time as we
are going to see yellow star turnaround
kill shooting as well
and he can go straight back in he can
continue here he's gonna have to
inhibits and turrets down and we are
seeing finally the recourse he missed
cocoon coming in they're getting on
towards expec here there is curse to the
sad mummy this could be the final fires
bullet time comes across the other side
of the bike Peck a going low but
crucially doesn't die spawn takes being
hammered away it's going to be cyanide
to pick that one up cocoon lands in on
Malou no spear comes in at the end there
is a vault breaker shut down it's yellow
star that's come flying in once again
there's a bandage toss landed on to what
they apprehend onto so as as well
they're gonna go try and getting onto
his bike we'll join the fight as well
maluna already down to half there comes
a crescendo but it time is going to take
down mover as well that's two kills for
fnatic but a massive in yellow star
hammering away on that bottom Nexus
turret the top one been hit by the super
minions as well surely this is it for
fnatic so us is going to pick up one on
two wards Draven shushei and spawn takes
the last two men alive to try and save
the day